the song right here about a serious
matter bipolar disorder and for y'all
don't know that means crazy now you
might disagree with me I don't care
it means nutso crazy now I'm serious
hi here we go
she's a real good fine but she thinks of
governmental reason mine
why she wears that tin foil hat outside
she loves to go to the mall and practice
her bird calls in the parking lot and
we're in just a brawl the mama says get
her some pills that it says run for the
hills but I love I just think she's
bipolar
she loves smell my feet and pull my
beard down sink the news call cops about
twice a week I hadn't known blue tick
hound it's been three years since I
pulled him down she's still feeding and
carries his bones the town that it says
running the heels I live i distinct
she's bipolar
what am I gonna do with all this stuff
she's accumulated like all the family
albums
well I love her
I just knew cheese by her pool she says
my shoes their home baby's a nice
kitchen sink in my sleep
daddy says run for the hills
I look but I think she's bipolar and
that means crazy
joke
holiday
anything else you can say about crazy
and I don't care what you doctors say
you people with get back go medical
degrees she's nuts right you heard it
first litter McCormack
country music superstar and karate
expert